.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/2_request_nonprod_environment.md, before:

---
name: Request Regression - Provision/Deprovision Non-Prod Environment
about: Request form to provision or deprovision a non-prod environment
title: "[Request] Provision / Deprovision Development / Test Plan Environment for Regression"
labels: [deployment, regression, "env: testplan", "env: development", request]
---

# Request Form to Provision

<!-- OR -->

# Request Form to Deprovision

### Test Plan:

> **Note:** _Provide Link to testplan issue_

- **Regression Test Plan:** <link or NA>

### Release Deployment:

> **Note:** _Provide deployment versions. milestone title can be belongs to either milestone branch or master branch_

- **UI Version:** v0.1.0
- **API Version:** v0.1.0

### Environment Details:

> **Note:** _Select one option by marking an "X" in the corresponding checkbox._

- [ ] Test Plan Environment
- [ ] Development Environment

### Deployment Schedule:

- **Deployment Scope:** UI only / UI and API

> **Note:** _Specify Only 1 scope value from allowed list_

- **Preferred Date and Time:** 03-15-2025 13:40:35

  > **Note:** _Use the format mm-dd-yyyy HH:MM:SS in 24-hour CST time._

- **Schedule to delete after:** 03-15-2025 15:40:35 / NA

  > **Note:** _Use the same date and time format or NA to not schedule. Deletion will occur exactly 2 hours after the deployment time._

### Additional Notes/Special Instructions:

> **Note:** _Enter any additional notes or special instructions_

NA

Commit message:

supporting preserve schedule deletion option

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/2_request_nonprod_environment.md, after:

---
name: Request Regression - Provision/Deprovision Non-Prod Environment
about: Request form to provision or deprovision a non-prod environment
title: "[Request] Provision / Deprovision Development / Test Plan Environment for Regression"
labels: [deployment, regression, "env: testplan", "env: development", request]
---

# Request Form to Provision

<!-- OR -->

# Request Form to Deprovision

### Test Plan:

> **Note:** _Provide Link to testplan issue_

- **Regression Test Plan:** <link or NA>

### Release Deployment:

> **Note:** _Provide deployment versions. milestone title can be belongs to either milestone branch or master branch_

- **UI Version:** v0.1.0
- **API Version:** v0.1.0

### Environment Details:

> **Note:** _Select one option by marking an "X" in the corresponding checkbox._

- [ ] Test Plan Environment
- [ ] Development Environment

### Deployment Schedule:

- **Deployment Scope:** UI only / UI and API

> **Note:** _Specify Only 1 scope value from allowed list_

- **Preferred Date and Time:** 03-15-2025 13:40:35

  > **Note:** _Use the format mm-dd-yyyy HH:MM:SS in 24-hour CST time._

- **Schedule to delete after:** 03-15-2025 15:40:35 / NA / Preserve previous schedule

  > **Note:** _Use the same date and time format to schedule auto deletion. NA to not schedule or remove schedule. Preserve previous schedule to keep same schedule deletion._

### Additional Notes/Special Instructions:

> **Note:** _Enter any additional notes or special instructions_

NA
