.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4_security_vulnerability.md, before:

---
name: Security Vulnerability Report
about: Report Collective security vulnerability or CodeQL-related issues.
title: "[Security] "
labels: ["security", "CodeQL", "triage"]
---

## Found Security Issues

### Critical Severity

_(Provide links to security details. If unavailable, create a sub-issue with comprehensive details.)_

- [ ] Link to details

### High Severity

_(Provide links to security details. If unavailable, create a sub-issue with comprehensive details.)_

- [ ] Link to details

### Medium Severity

_(Provide links to security details. If unavailable, create a sub-issue with comprehensive details.)_

- [ ] Link to details

### Low Severity

_(Provide links to security details. If unavailable, create a sub-issue with comprehensive details.)_

- [ ] Link to details

## Priority or CVSS Score

_(List CVSS scores related to issues to help classify severity and breakdown issues.)_

> [!NOTE]
> When issues are fixed, add a comment with status and resolution details. Before closing, verify that all fixes have been thoroughly tested and resolved.

Commit message:

updated templates for note/tip

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4_security_vulnerability.md, after:

---
name: Security Vulnerability Report
about: Report Collective security vulnerability or CodeQL-related issues.
title: "[Security] "
labels: ["security", "CodeQL", "triage"]
---

## Found Security Issues

### Critical Severity

> **Note:** _Provide links to security details. If unavailable, create a sub-issue with comprehensive details._

- [ ] Link to details

### High Severity

> **Note:** _Provide links to security details. If unavailable, create a sub-issue with comprehensive details._

- [ ] Link to details

### Medium Severity

> **Note:** _Provide links to security details. If unavailable, create a sub-issue with comprehensive details._

- [ ] Link to details

### Low Severity

> **Note:** _Provide links to security details. If unavailable, create a sub-issue with comprehensive details._

- [ ] Link to details

## Priority or CVSS Score

> **Note:** _List CVSS scores related to issues to help classify severity and breakdown issues._

> [!NOTE]
> When issues are fixed, add a comment with status and resolution details. Before closing, verify that all fixes have been thoroughly tested and resolved.
